So now we had a detailed look at the React Native debugging experience at the React Native debugger
at the different tools you have for finding and fixing hours for analyzing your user interface or componentry
and so on.
Now there's one type of error which I mentioned which is these so-called unavoidable error for example
that you're sending a network request and you can't guarantee that your users have a network connection
or for example that the servers online will handle such errors later specifically when we do start sending
network requests because there will simply have a better example for when we need that.
And there you will learn how you can handle these unavoidable errors too with the knowledge you gained
in this module you hopefully have a solid set of tools to build applications where you are able to find
and fix errors because you will always encounter errors when you're writing code.
There is no way around that.